Been watching a bit of Yeager like always it's interesting stuff, since he pretty much gets payed to think this stuff survival up. Decided to have a look into the situation/availability and quality of BOB foods. I stuck to what I had lying around the place I didn't buy anything especially for the test, although some I did just get because I thought I might try it.

Breaking it up:

Type of Food
Cost: price per packet cheapest I could find it anywhere locally, I didn't include mail order.
Availability: How easy is it to come across, where'd I have to go to get it.
Taste: Well that's a personal thing but, more could you eat it or is it shit.
Shelf Life: Best Before dates and anything worth a mention.
Ease of Use: Preperation to Scoff, what do you need.
Energy per Weight: I have to carry it don't I.

We started with a random selection of cupboard contents had a look at the labels and decided from there listening to the better half's opinion since she has to eat half of everything anyway.

Type of Food: Trail Mix
Cost: $6.44
Availability: Supermarket
Taste: Pretty Lush
Shelf Life:
Ease of Use: Simple just eat it, you don't even have to stop, inless your a klutz and can't open a packet whilst moving.
Energy per Weight KJ/100g:  2170


Type of Food: Packet Noodles
Cost: $0.68
Availability: Supermarket
Taste: Alright
Shelf Life: Don't have a shelf life
Ease of Use: Water + Hot = Hot Water - there shit cold although you can do it.
Energy per Weight KJ/100g: 1000

Type of Food:Sardines.
Cost: $2.69
Availability: Supermarket.
Taste: Pretty Lush - I like them, highly acquired taste though.
Shelf Life: Tinned Best Before some 1 year away.
Ease of Use: Open and eat.
Energy per Weight KJ/100g: 576

Type of Food: Curry(retort pouch)
Cost: $4.29
Availability: Supermarket
Taste: Alright - bit salty for my likes but good otherwise
Shelf Life: 1 year
Ease of Use: Heat and Eat, or you can just pour it down. Watch the spice levels, and salt! 
Energy per Weight KJ/100g: 383

Type of Food:Rice(retort pouch)
Cost: $3.49
Availability: Supermarket
Taste: Pretty Good
Shelf Life: 1 year
Ease of Use: Heat water, add to pack, wait, eat. Or you can just eat it!
Energy per Weight KJ/100g: 735

Type of Food:Mountain House freeze dried meal
Cost: Too expensive
Availability: Camping Shops 
Taste: Some are alright, others are down right crap,
Shelf Life: Forever
Ease of Use: Heat water, add to pack, wait , eat.
Energy per Weight KJ/100g: 962

Type of Food: Chocolate-  Picnic Bar
Cost: $2
Availability: Everywhere, seemingly.
Taste: Pretty Lush, but will make you feel it if you pack them down.
Shelf Life: They melt in the car - They don't appear to be able to go off?!?
Ease of Use: Open and Eat!
Energy per Weight KJ/100g: 2200

Results: Or rather some comments on the above results. Some things which you'd think would stand out as great where in fact dire, Mountain House is a prime example of bull shit advertising: The weight doesn't appear to be there. Unless you correctly factor in the water needed, fuel stove and time involved in preparing it. Noodles similarly really need cooking and although they are a similar  medium in calories factor the cooking makes them a pain in the proverbial. For the money though Noodles win out between the two just on cost factor alone!

Chocolates and Trail mix stood out as the greatest inventions, since man kind sailed on a sea of cheese, Although be warned Chocolates aren't the greatest if you have keep going i find the sugar rush from all those calories in such a small weight mean a quick burn time and your pretty well cooked unless you can keep up something else with a long carb chain or a good wack of protein. Although great at night to warm you up. Trail mix is great and the name gives away its intended usage although I like everyone else I know can eat it by the bucket load with no undue effect.

The retort meals, rice and curry, are pretty stable camp out meals here. Both worked out lower in energy but the variety means that if you have to eat out your pack and can heat food at least you get some good tucker which normally helps. Heavy because of the included water, which is great if you don't have to haul things, or if water is a real issue; since you can just poor the two together and heat very quickly to scoff. 

Please note I didn't have any MRE/RatPacks I'll try and source some and do a comparison, they used to be heinous although I'm told they have improved and lets face it we could all do with a load of bromide. Obviously this changes if you have kids expecting them to

If your going to run through and not smell the roses trail mix and chocolates will get you there, end of story! 
